Multiprocessing

1.Multiprocessing is the use of two or more central processing units (CPUs) within a single computer system.
2.The term also refers to the ability of a system to support more than one processor or the ability to allocate tasks between them.
3.Systems that treat all CPUs equally are called symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) systems. In systems where all CPUs are not equal, 
   system resources may be divided in a number of ways, including asymmetric multiprocessing (ASMP), non-uniform memory access 
   (NUMA) multiprocessing, and clustered multiprocessing.


Multithreading

1.Multithreading is the ability of a central processing unit (CPU) or a single core in a multi-core processor to execute multiple processes 
  or threads concurrently, appropriately supported by the operating system.
2.Types of multithreading:
	*Interleaved/Temporal multithreading
		a.Coarse-grained multithreading:The simplest type of multithreading occurs when one thread runs until it is blocked 
		                                            by an event that normally would create a long-latency stall.
		b.Interleaved multithreading:The purpose of interleaved multithreading is to remove all data dependency stalls from the
				            execution pipeline. 
	*Simultaneous multithreading:1.The most advanced type of multithreading applies to superscalar processors. 
			            2.Whereas a normal superscalar processor issues multiple instructions from a single thread every 
			               CPU cycle, in simultaneous multithreading (SMT) a superscalar processor can issue instructions 
				 from multiple threads every CPU cycle.

Multitasking

1.Multitasking is the concurrent execution of multiple tasks (also known as processes) over a certain period of time. New tasks can 
  interrupt already started ones before they finish, instead of waiting for them to end.
2.Multitasking automatically interrupts the running program, saving its state (partial results, memory contents and computer register contents) 
  and loading the saved state of another program and transferring control to it.


Time-sharing

1.Time-sharing is the sharing of a computing resource among many users by means of multiprogramming and multi-tasking at the same time.
2.Time-sharing was developed out of the realization that while any single user would make inefficient use of a computer, a large group of 
   users together would not.


HyperThreading

1.Hyper-threading (officially called Hyper-Threading Technology or HT Technology, and abbreviated as HTT or HT) is Intel's proprietary 
  simultaneous multithreading (SMT) implementation used to improve parallelization of computations (doing multiple tasks at once) 
  performed on x86 microprocessors.


Timer

1.Counter/timer hardware is a crucial component of most embedded systems. In some cases, a timer measures elapsed time 
  (counting processor clock ticks). In others, we want to count or time external events.
2.A timer with automatic reload capability will have a latch register to hold the count written by the processor.